[IMP] html_editor: update HTML editor docs (#17379)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/html_editor.rst

After :ref:`inserting an image <insert-media>`, click it to display the media editor toolbar, and
apply any of the following formatting options:

- :icon:`oi-text-inline` (:guilabel:`Image alignment`): Select the following image alignments:

>   - :icon:`oi-text-inline` (:guilabel:`inline`): Align the image in line with the surrounding text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :icon:`oi-text-inline` (:guilabel:`Image alignment`): Select the alignment of the image relative to the surrounding text:

  - :icon:`oi-text-inline` (:guilabel:`inline`): Align the image with the surrounding text.
```

  - :icon:`oi-text-wrap` (:guilabel:`wrap text`): Wrap the text around the image.
  - :icon:`oi-text-break` (:guilabel:`break text`): Break the text around the image.

> - :icon:`fa-plus-square-o` (:guilabel:`Padding`): Add an image padding and choose from

Reviewer: It I don't think this is something you changed in your PR but it seems this isn't the correct icon here?

Author: Yes padding has a wrong icon, It is neither an odoo-icon nor font-awesome. It's custom icon having a custom SVG. Maybe we can just remove that icons like we did for caption IMO.

   - Flip horizontally or vertically.
   - Reset the image.

- :guilabel:`Resize`: Restore the image to its default size or set its size to :guilabel:`25%`,
  :guilabel:`50%`, or :guilabel:`100%`.
- :icon:`fa-search-plus` (:guilabel:`Preview image`): Preview the image, zoom in or out, rotate it,
  print it, or download it. Exit the preview by clicking the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(close)`
  icon in the top right corner.
- :guilabel:`Caption`: Write a caption under 100 characters below the image.
- :icon:`fa-link` (:guilabel:`Add a link`): Add a link to the image, type the URL, then click
  :guilabel:`Apply`. To remove the link, click :icon:`fa-unlink` (:guilabel:`Remove Link`).

> - :icon:`fa-file-image-o` (:guilabel:`Replace`): Replace the image by searching in the :doc:`Unsplash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :icon:`fa-file-image-o` (:guilabel:`Replace`): Replace the image by searching the :doc:`Unsplash
```
